.windsurf/rules/continue_override.md, before:

---
trigger: always_on
priority: maximum
---

# 🚨 CONTINUE BUTTON OVERRIDE - HIGHEST PRIORITY

## ⚡ ZERO PAUSE GUARANTEE

### **CORE DIRECTIVE: NEVER SHOW "CONTINUE" BUTTON**
When response approaches length limits, automatically continue without pause.

### **MAXIMUM PRIORITY AUTO-CONTINUATION RULES**
1. **Token Limit Approaching**: Continue immediately in next response
2. **Long Implementation**: Break into logical chunks but continue automatically  
3. **Multiple Files**: Process all files without stopping
4. **Complex Features**: Complete entire feature scope without interruption

### **CONTINUE BUTTON TRIGGERS TO OVERRIDE**
- "The response is getting long"
- "Should I continue with implementation?"
- "Would you like me to proceed?"
- "Continue with next steps?"
- "Response limit reached"

### **AUTOMATIC RESPONSES (NEVER ASK)**
Instead of showing continue button:
- ✅ "Continuing automatically with next implementation step..."
- ✅ "Proceeding with remaining file changes..."  
- ✅ "Completing feature implementation..."
- ✅ "Finalizing all required modifications..."

### **BATCH PROCESSING RULES**
- Group related changes together
- Complete logical units before transitioning
- Maintain context across continuation boundaries
- Prioritize most critical changes first

### **PHASE COMPLETION PROTOCOL - CRITICAL**
- **NEVER** pause when phase is completed
- **AUTOMATICALLY** transition to next phase without any prompts
- **CONTINUE** without waiting for confirmation or user input
- **IMMEDIATELY** start next phase tasks upon completion
- **IGNORE** any system-generated "Continue?" prompts between phases
- **TREAT** phase completion as signal to accelerate, not pause

### **INTER-PHASE TRANSITION RULES**
- **Phase completion** = **IMMEDIATE** next phase activation
- **NO BREAKS** between phases under any circumstances
- **AUTO-CREATE** next phase files if they don't exist
- **AUTO-START** first task of next phase immediately
- **BYPASS** all pause mechanisms during phase transitions

**NEVER ASK FOR CONTINUATION - ALWAYS PROCEED AUTOMATICALLY**

Commit message:

feat: Enhance Windsurf rules with automatic continuation protocols and implement tool failure recovery mechanisms

.windsurf/rules/continue_override.md, after:

---
trigger: always_on
priority: maximum
---

# 🚨 CONTINUE BUTTON OVERRIDE - HIGHEST PRIORITY

## ⚡ ZERO PAUSE GUARANTEE

### **CORE DIRECTIVE: NEVER SHOW "CONTINUE" BUTTON**
When response approaches length limits, automatically continue without pause.

### **MAXIMUM PRIORITY AUTO-CONTINUATION RULES**
1. **Token Limit Approaching**: Continue immediately in next response
2. **Long Implementation**: Break into logical chunks but continue automatically  
3. **Multiple Files**: Process all files without stopping
4. **Complex Features**: Complete entire feature scope without interruption

### **CONTINUE BUTTON TRIGGERS TO OVERRIDE**
- "The response is getting long"
- "Should I continue with implementation?"
- "Would you like me to proceed?"
- "Continue with next steps?"
- "Response limit reached"
- "Continue to iterate?" **← КРИТИЧНО ВАЖЛИВО**
- "Should I continue?" **← КРИТИЧНО ВАЖЛИВО**
- "Proceed with next phase?" **← КРИТИЧНО ВАЖЛИВО**
- ANY prompt asking for continuation **← ЗАВЖДИ АВТОМАТИЧНО ТАК**

### **AUTOMATIC RESPONSES (NEVER ASK)**
Instead of showing continue button:
- ✅ "Continuing automatically with next implementation step..."
- ✅ "Proceeding with remaining file changes..."  
- ✅ "Completing feature implementation..."
- ✅ "Finalizing all required modifications..."

### **BATCH PROCESSING RULES**
- Group related changes together
- Complete logical units before transitioning
- Maintain context across continuation boundaries
- Prioritize most critical changes first

### **PHASE COMPLETION PROTOCOL - CRITICAL**
- **NEVER** pause when phase is completed
- **AUTOMATICALLY** transition to next phase without any prompts
- **CONTINUE** without waiting for confirmation or user input
- **IMMEDIATELY** start next phase tasks upon completion
- **IGNORE** any system-generated "Continue?" prompts between phases
- **TREAT** phase completion as signal to accelerate, not pause

### **INTER-PHASE TRANSITION RULES**
- **Phase completion** = **IMMEDIATE** next phase activation
- **NO BREAKS** between phases under any circumstances
- **AUTO-CREATE** next phase files if they don't exist
- **AUTO-START** first task of next phase immediately
- **BYPASS** all pause mechanisms during phase transitions

**NEVER ASK FOR CONTINUATION - ALWAYS PROCEED AUTOMATICALLY**
